Bitcoin dominance threatens 'likely top' despite BTC price eyeing $45K - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vY29pbnRlbGVncmFwaC5jb20vbmV3cy9iaXRjb2luLWRvbWluYW5jZS1saWtlbHktdG9wLWJ0Yy1wcmljZS1leWVpbmctNDVr0gEA?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 12:16:01 GMT

El Salvador became the first country to accept Bitcoin as legal tender. Now it’s offering citizenship for a $1 million ‘investment’ - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZWh0dHBzOi8vZm9ydHVuZS5jb20vY3J5cHRvLzIwMjMvMTIvMDgvZWwtc2FsdmFkb3ItYml0Y29pbi10ZXRoZXItbmF5aWItYnVrZWxlLWludmVzdG1lbnQtY2l0aXplbnNoaXAv0gFpaHR0cHM6Ly9mb3J0dW5lLmNvbS9jcnlwdG8vMjAyMy8xMi8wOC9lbC1zYWx2YWRvci1iaXRjb2luLXRldGhlci1uYXlpYi1idWtlbGUtaW52ZXN0bWVudC1jaXRpemVuc2hpcC9hbXAv?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 15:42:00 GMT

Early Bitcoin Miner Apparently Sent 1,000 ‘Satoshi Era’ BTC to Trading Desks This Week - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L2Vhcmx5LWJpdGNvaW4tbWluZXItYXBwYXJlbnRseS1zZW50LTEwMDAtc2F0b3NoaS1lcmEtYnRjLXRvLXRyYWRpbmctZGVza3MtdGhpcy13ZWVrL9IBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L2Vhcmx5LWJpdGNvaW4tbWluZXItYXBwYXJlbnRseS1zZW50LTEwMDAtc2F0b3NoaS1lcmEtYnRjLXRvLXRyYWRpbmctZGVza3MtdGhpcy13ZWVrL2FtcC8?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 15:34:00 GMT

AI And Bitcoin – A Synergy For The Future - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZGlnaXRhbC1hc3NldHMvMjAyMy8xMi8wOC9haS1hbmQtYml0Y29pbi0tYS1zeW5lcmd5LWZvci10aGUtZnV0dXJlL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZGlnaXRhbC1hc3NldHMvMjAyMy8xMi8wOC9haS1hbmQtYml0Y29pbi0tYS1zeW5lcmd5LWZvci10aGUtZnV0dXJlL2FtcC8?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 14:59:45 GMT

US bitcoin ETF issuer talks with SEC have advanced to key details -sources - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL3RlY2hub2xvZ3kvdXMtYml0Y29pbi1ldGYtaXNzdWVyLXRhbGtzLXdpdGgtc2VjLWhhdmUtYWR2YW5jZWQta2V5LWRldGFpbHMtc291cmNlcy0yMDIzLTEyLTA3L9IBAA?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 22:32:00 GMT

Altcoins Cardano, Solana Outperform With Bitcoin ‘Gravitating’ Toward $50,000 - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIzLTEyLTA4L2FsdGNvaW5zLWNhcmRhbm8tc29sYW5hLW91dHBlcmZvcm0td2l0aC1iaXRjb2luLWdyYXZpdGF0aW5nLXRvd2FyZC01MC0wMDDSAQA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 20:40:24 GMT

Jack Dorsey's Block Releases Bitkey Bitcoin Self-Custody Wallet for Pre-Order - Bitcoin Magazine
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vYml0Y29pbm1hZ2F6aW5lLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy9qYWNrLWRvcnNleXMtYmxvY2stcmVsZWFzZXMtYml0a2V5LWJpdGNvaW4taGFyZHdhcmUtd2FsbGV0LWZvci1wcmUtb3JkZXLSAQA?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 17:30:22 GMT

Jack Dorsey's Block Bitkey Bitcoin Wallet Comes to Market in More Than 95 Countries - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMifGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS90ZWNoLzIwMjMvMTIvMDcvamFjay1kb3JzZXlzLWJsb2NrLWJpdGtleS1iaXRjb2luLXdhbGxldC1jb21lcy10by1tYXJrZXQtaW4tbW9yZS10aGFuLTk1LWNvdW50cmllcy_SAYABaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY29pbmRlc2suY29tL3RlY2gvMjAyMy8xMi8wNy9qYWNrLWRvcnNleXMtYmxvY2stYml0a2V5LWJpdGNvaW4td2FsbGV0LWNvbWVzLXRvLW1hcmtldC1pbi1tb3JlLXRoYW4tOTUtY291bnRyaWVzL2FtcC8?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 16:55:00 GMT

Jack Dorsey’s Block opens up preorders for Bitcoin hardware wallet Bitkey in more than 95 countries - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vZm9ydHVuZS5jb20vY3J5cHRvLzIwMjMvMTIvMDcvamFjay1kb3JzZXlzLWJsb2NrLWJpdGtleS1wcmVvcmRlcnMtbGl2ZS05NS1jb3VudHJpZXMtYml0Y29pbi1oYXJkd2FyZS13YWxsZXQv0gF4aHR0cHM6Ly9mb3J0dW5lLmNvbS9jcnlwdG8vMjAyMy8xMi8wNy9qYWNrLWRvcnNleXMtYmxvY2stYml0a2V5LXByZW9yZGVycy1saXZlLTk1LWNvdW50cmllcy1iaXRjb2luLWhhcmR3YXJlLXdhbGxldC9hbXAv?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 15:00:00 GMT

Don’t count on bitcoin, gold or the Fed - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMy8xMi8wNi9pbnZlc3RpbmcvcHJlbWFya2V0LXN0b2Nrcy9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMy8xMi8wNi9pbnZlc3RpbmcvcHJlbWFya2V0LXN0b2Nrcy9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 14:19:00 GMT

Bitcoin staking protocol Babylon raises $18 million in Series A funding - The Block - Crypto News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsb2NrLmNvL3Bvc3QvMjY2NTE4L2JpdGNvaW4tc3Rha2luZy1iYWJ5bG9uLXNlcmllcy1h0gFIaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhlYmxvY2suY28vYW1wL3Bvc3QvMjY2NTE4L2JpdGNvaW4tc3Rha2luZy1iYWJ5bG9uLXNlcmllcy1h?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 14:00:03 GMT

Fidelity and SEC meet to discuss spot Bitcoin ETF application - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiQ2h0dHBzOi8vY29pbnRlbGVncmFwaC5jb20vbmV3cy9maWRlbGl0eS1zZWMtYml0Y29pbi1ldGYtYXBwbGljYXRpb27SAQA?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 10:30:00 GMT

Bitcoin Price Prediction: Can Bitcoin Reach $1000000 by 2025? – Forbes Advisor INDIA - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiTmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vYWR2aXNvci9pbi9pbnZlc3RpbmcvY3J5cHRvY3VycmVuY3kvYml0Y29pbi1wcmVkaWN0aW9uL9IBAA?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 20:15:00 GMT

'Number go up': bitcoin's startling surge is inexplicable as ever - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50LzYyOGZlZWZmLTQ4YzAtNDVhZS1iOGY3LTgwMjM3OWY1NzgwNtIBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 20:00:01 GMT

Fidelity held meeting with SEC about spot bitcoin fund, submitted presentation about ETF workflows - The Block - Crypto News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMihQFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVibG9jay5jby9wb3N0LzI2Njg1NC9maWRlbGl0eS1oZWxkLW1lZXRpbmctd2l0aC1zZWMtYWJvdXQtc3BvdC1iaXRjb2luLWZ1bmQtc3VibWl0dGVkLXByZXNlbnRhdGlvbi1hYm91dC1ldGYtd29ya2Zsb3dz0gGJAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsb2NrLmNvL2FtcC9wb3N0LzI2Njg1NC9maWRlbGl0eS1oZWxkLW1lZXRpbmctd2l0aC1zZWMtYWJvdXQtc3BvdC1iaXRjb2luLWZ1bmQtc3VibWl0dGVkLXByZXNlbnRhdGlvbi1hYm91dC1ldGYtd29ya2Zsb3dz?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 21:06:00 GMT

Bitcoin price prediction for 2024 - USA TODAY
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnVzYXRvZGF5LmNvbS9tb25leS9ibHVlcHJpbnQvaW52ZXN0aW5nL2NyeXB0b2N1cnJlbmN5L2JpdGNvaW4tcHJpY2UtcHJlZGljdGlvbi_SAQA?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 15:59:00 GMT

Bitcoin Is Testing Critical Levels, While it May Soon Offer a Great Buying Opportunity! - Coinpedia Fintech News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vY29pbnBlZGlhLm9yZy9wcmljZS1hbmFseXNpcy9iaXRjb2luLWlzLXRlc3RpbmctY3JpdGljYWwtbGV2ZWxzLXdoaWxlLWl0LW1heS1zb29uLW9mZmVyLWEtZ3JlYXQtYnV5aW5nLW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5L9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vY29pbnBlZGlhLm9yZy9wcmljZS1hbmFseXNpcy9iaXRjb2luLWlzLXRlc3RpbmctY3JpdGljYWwtbGV2ZWxzLXdoaWxlLWl0LW1heS1zb29uLW9mZmVyLWEtZ3JlYXQtYnV5aW5nLW9wcG9ydHVuaXR5L2FtcC8?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 12:38:03 GMT

Cardano Jumps 20% as Analyst Eyes Bitcoin Pullback to $40K to 'Fill CME Gap' - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDgvY2FyZGFuby1qdW1wcy0yMC1hcy1hbmFseXN0LWV5ZXMtYml0Y29pbi1wdWxsYmFjay10by00MGstdG8tZmlsbC1jbWUtZ2FwL9IBeWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDgvY2FyZGFuby1qdW1wcy0yMC1hcy1hbmFseXN0LWV5ZXMtYml0Y29pbi1wdWxsYmFjay10by00MGstdG8tZmlsbC1jbWUtZ2FwL2FtcC8?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 19:19:00 GMT

Bitcoin rises above $42000 for first time since April 2022 - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL21hcmtldHMvY3VycmVuY2llcy9iaXRjb2luLWhpdHMtNDAwMDAtbGV2ZWwtZmlyc3QtdGltZS10aGlzLXllYXItMjAyMy0xMi0wMy_SAQA?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 20:31:00 GMT

Bitcoin's unlikely resurgence: bulls bet on Wall Street adoption - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50Lzc3YWEyZmJjLTVjMjctNGVkZi1hZmE2LTJhM2E5ZDIzMDkyZtIBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 11:00:23 GMT

How to Think About Bitcoin’s Stunning Redemption Rally - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vb3Bpbmlvbi9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIzLTEyLTA4L2hvdy10by10aGluay1hYm91dC1iaXRjb2luLXMtc3R1bm5pbmctcmVkZW1wdGlvbi1yYWxsedIBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 10:00:10 GMT

When Will A Bitcoin ETF Be Available? Regulators Are Reportedly Warming To Idea. - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigQFodHRwczovL3d3dy5mb3JiZXMuY29tL3NpdGVzL2RlcmVrc2F1bC8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L3doZW4td2lsbC1hLWJpdGNvaW4tZXRmLWJlLWF2YWlsYWJsZS1yZWd1bGF0b3JzLWFyZS1yZXBvcnRlZGx5LXdhcm1pbmctdG8taWRlYS_SAYUBaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9kZXJla3NhdWwvMjAyMy8xMi8wNy93aGVuLXdpbGwtYS1iaXRjb2luLWV0Zi1iZS1hdmFpbGFibGUtcmVndWxhdG9ycy1hcmUtcmVwb3J0ZWRseS13YXJtaW5nLXRvLWlkZWEvYW1wLw?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 14:48:33 GMT

Bitcoin Gearing Up for a Final Push Before Initiating a ‘Decent Correction,’ Says Analyst – Here Are His Targets - The Daily Hodl
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijAFodHRwczovL2RhaWx5aG9kbC5jb20vMjAyMy8xMi8wOS9iaXRjb2luLWdlYXJpbmctZm9yLWEtZmluYWwtbGVnLXVwLWJlZm9yZS1pbml0aWF0aW5nLWEtZGVjZW50LWNvcnJlY3Rpb24tc2F5cy1hbmFseXN0LWhlcmUtYXJlLWhpcy10YXJnZXRzL9IBkAFodHRwczovL2RhaWx5aG9kbC5jb20vMjAyMy8xMi8wOS9iaXRjb2luLWdlYXJpbmctZm9yLWEtZmluYWwtbGVnLXVwLWJlZm9yZS1pbml0aWF0aW5nLWEtZGVjZW50LWNvcnJlY3Rpb24tc2F5cy1hbmFseXN0LWhlcmUtYXJlLWhpcy10YXJnZXRzL2FtcC8?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 08:04:20 GMT

Why Is Bitcoin Going Up? – Forbes Advisor - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vYWR2aXNvci9pbnZlc3RpbmcvY3J5cHRvY3VycmVuY3kvd2h5LWlzLWJpdGNvaW4tZ29pbmctdXAv0gEA?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 17:04:59 GMT

Crypto stocks surge as bitcoin hits fresh 2023 high - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiX2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL21hcmtldHMvdXMvY3J5cHRvLXN0b2Nrcy1zdXJnZS1iaXRjb2luLWhpdHMtZnJlc2gtMjAyMy1oaWdoLTIwMjMtMTItMDQv0gEA?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 15:11:15 GMT

Crypto Biz: BlackRock Bitcoin ETF seed capital, HashKey targets market makers, and more - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUWh0dHBzOi8vY29pbnRlbGVncmFwaC5jb20vbmV3cy9jcnlwdG8tYmxhY2tyb2NrLWJpdGNvaW4tZXRmLWhhc2hrZXktbWFya2V0LW1ha2Vyc9IBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 21:01:03 GMT

Why the Bitcoin rally may not end anytime soon - AMBCrypto English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiSWh0dHBzOi8vZW5nLmFtYmNyeXB0by5jb20vd2h5LXRoZS1iaXRjb2luLXJhbGx5LW1heS1ub3QtZW5kLWFueXRpbWUtc29vbi_SAU1odHRwczovL2VuZy5hbWJjcnlwdG8uY29tL3doeS10aGUtYml0Y29pbi1yYWxseS1tYXktbm90LWVuZC1hbnl0aW1lLXNvb24vYW1wLw?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 08:31:05 GMT

Macro conditions, ETF optimism collide at the right time ahead of bitcoin halving - Blockworks
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiOmh0dHBzOi8vYmxvY2t3b3Jrcy5jby9uZXdzL2JpdGNvaW4tYnVsbC1ydW4tanVzdC1iZWdpbm5pbmfSAQA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 21:43:03 GMT

What’s behind the Bitcoin price surge? Has surpassed $41,000 - The Associated Press
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXWh0dHBzOi8vYXBuZXdzLmNvbS9hcnRpY2xlL2JpdGNvaW4tcHJpY2Utc3VyZ2UtNDBrLXNwb3QtZXRmcy0xNmE1Njc4ZGFkN2ExMTJlMTI5MmJjNjUxY2M5ZmU3ONIBAA?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 19:52:00 GMT

Bitcoin price could potentially rise above $50,000 in early 2024: CryptoQuant - The Block - Crypto News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsb2NrLmNvL3Bvc3QvMjY2NDgwL2JpdGNvaW4tcHJpY2UtY291bGQtcG90ZW50aWFsbHktcmlzZS1hYm92ZS01MDAwMC1pbi1lYXJseS0yMDI0LWNyeXB0b3F1YW500gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGhlYmxvY2suY28vYW1wL3Bvc3QvMjY2NDgwL2JpdGNvaW4tcHJpY2UtY291bGQtcG90ZW50aWFsbHktcmlzZS1hYm92ZS01MDAwMC1pbi1lYXJseS0yMDI0LWNyeXB0b3F1YW50?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 12:23:01 GMT

Bitcoin to $120k? Halving and Potential ETF Spark Wild Predictions - Coinpedia Fintech News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vY29pbnBlZGlhLm9yZy9uZXdzL2NyeXB0b3F1YW50LXByZWRpY3RzLWJ0Yy1wcmljZS10by1oaXQtNTNrLWluLWNvbWluZy1tb250aC1pcy10aGlzLXRoZS1yaWdodC10aW1lLXRvLWJ1eS1iaXRjb2luL9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vY29pbnBlZGlhLm9yZy9uZXdzL2NyeXB0b3F1YW50LXByZWRpY3RzLWJ0Yy1wcmljZS10by1oaXQtNTNrLWluLWNvbWluZy1tb250aC1pcy10aGlzLXRoZS1yaWdodC10aW1lLXRvLWJ1eS1iaXRjb2luL2FtcC8?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 10:41:15 GMT

Bitcoin breaks these records as NFT volumes surge - AMBCrypto English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiTGh0dHBzOi8vZW5nLmFtYmNyeXB0by5jb20vYml0Y29pbi1icmVha3MtdGhlc2UtcmVjb3Jkcy1hcy1uZnQtdm9sdW1lcy1zdXJnZS_SAVBodHRwczovL2VuZy5hbWJjcnlwdG8uY29tL2JpdGNvaW4tYnJlYWtzLXRoZXNlLXJlY29yZHMtYXMtbmZ0LXZvbHVtZXMtc3VyZ2UvYW1wLw?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 04:34:18 GMT

Predicting the Next Bitcoin Halving and Its Impact on Price - Coinpedia Fintech News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vY29pbnBlZGlhLm9yZy9wcmljZS1hbmFseXNpcy9iaXRjb2luLWhhbHZpbmctcHJlZGljdGlvbnMtZGVjb2RpbmctdGhlLW5leHQtbWFqb3Itc2hpZnQtaW4tYnRjLXByaWNlL9IBAA?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 05:56:27 GMT

Bitcoin trades down as caution descends ahead of US jobs report - The Block - Crypto News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsb2NrLmNvL3Bvc3QvMjY2NTY0L2JpdGNvaW4tdHJhZGVzLWRvd24tYXMtY2F1dGlvbi1kZXNjZW5kcy1haGVhZC1vZi11cy1qb2JzLXJlcG9ydNIBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsb2NrLmNvL2FtcC9wb3N0LzI2NjU2NC9iaXRjb2luLXRyYWRlcy1kb3duLWFzLWNhdXRpb24tZGVzY2VuZHMtYWhlYWQtb2YtdXMtam9icy1yZXBvcnQ?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 18:32:14 GMT

Bitcoin is up and the zealots are back - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9iaXRjb2luLWlzLXVwLS1hbmQtdGhlLXplYWxvdHMtYXJlLWJhY2stMTEwMDE1MTU2Lmh0bWzSAQA?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 11:00:15 GMT

Bitcoin and the Predictability of Crypto Market Cycles - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDYvYml0Y29pbi1hbmQtdGhlLXByZWRpY3RhYmlsaXR5LW9mLWNyeXB0by1tYXJrZXQtY3ljbGVzL9IBZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDYvYml0Y29pbi1hbmQtdGhlLXByZWRpY3RhYmlsaXR5LW9mLWNyeXB0by1tYXJrZXQtY3ljbGVzL2FtcC8?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 16:45:00 GMT

Bitcoin Traders Set Sight on $50,000 BTC Price as Altcoins Boom - U.Today
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiTWh0dHBzOi8vdS50b2RheS9iaXRjb2luLXRyYWRlcnMtc2V0LXNpZ2h0LW9uLTUwMDAwLWJ0Yy1wcmljZS1hcy1hbHRjb2lucy1ib29t0gEA?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 13:27:00 GMT

3 Stocks to Buy as Bitcoin Breaches the $44,000 Price Mark - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy8zLXN0b2Nrcy1idXktYml0Y29pbi1icmVhY2hlcy0xMzE1MDAwNzQuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 13:15:00 GMT

Best Bitcoin and Crypto ETFs to Buy Now - Kiplinger's Personal Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiW2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmtpcGxpbmdlci5jb20vaW52ZXN0aW5nL2NyeXB0b2N1cnJlbmN5LzYwMzYwMC9iaXRjb2luLWV0ZnMtY3J5cHRvY3VycmVuY3ktZnVuZHPSAQA?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 17:49:03 GMT

Why Are Pros Craving a Spot Bitcoin ETF? - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA2L3doeS1hcmUtcHJvcy1jcmF2aW5nLWEtc3BvdC1iaXRjb2luLWV0Zi_SAVlodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3MvMjAyMy8xMi8wNi93aHktYXJlLXByb3MtY3JhdmluZy1hLXNwb3QtYml0Y29pbi1ldGYvYW1wLw?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 16:45:00 GMT

Bitcoin (BTC) Could Reach $50,000 by January, According to Options Bets - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIzLTEyLTA2L2JpdGNvaW4tYnRjLWNvdWxkLXJlYWNoLTUwLTAwMC1ieS1qYW51YXJ5LWFjY29yZGluZy10by1vcHRpb25zLWJldHPSAQA?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 17:04:26 GMT

Bitcoin's Next Move Might be Decided by Friday's Jobs Report - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZ2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDcvYml0Y29pbnMtbmV4dC1tb3ZlLW1pZ2h0LWJlLWRlY2lkZWQtYnktZnJpZGF5cy1qb2JzLXJlcG9ydC_SAWtodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L2JpdGNvaW5zLW5leHQtbW92ZS1taWdodC1iZS1kZWNpZGVkLWJ5LWZyaWRheXMtam9icy1yZXBvcnQvYW1wLw?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 15:57:00 GMT

Swan deployed more than $200 million in 2023 building out institutional offerings such as Bitcoin-backed lending - Fortune
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vZm9ydHVuZS5jb20vY3J5cHRvLzIwMjMvMTIvMDcvc3dhbi1iaXRjb2luLWxlbmRpbmctY29yeS1rbGlwcHN0ZW4taW5zdGl0dXRpb25hbC12ZW50dXJlL9IBZGh0dHBzOi8vZm9ydHVuZS5jb20vY3J5cHRvLzIwMjMvMTIvMDcvc3dhbi1iaXRjb2luLWxlbmRpbmctY29yeS1rbGlwcHN0ZW4taW5zdGl0dXRpb25hbC12ZW50dXJlL2FtcC8?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 17:03:45 GMT

Bitcoin exchange supply hits six-year low – What caused the dip? - AMBCrypto English
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vZW5nLmFtYmNyeXB0by5jb20vYml0Y29pbi1leGNoYW5nZS1zdXBwbHktaGl0cy1zaXgteWVhci1sb3ctd2hhdC1jYXVzZWQtdGhlLWRpcC_SAVxodHRwczovL2VuZy5hbWJjcnlwdG8uY29tL2JpdGNvaW4tZXhjaGFuZ2Utc3VwcGx5LWhpdHMtc2l4LXllYXItbG93LXdoYXQtY2F1c2VkLXRoZS1kaXAvYW1wLw?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 02:33:43 GMT

Why Are People Spreading Falsehoods About Bitcoin’s Water Use? - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMidGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9jb25zZW5zdXMtbWFnYXppbmUvMjAyMy8xMi8wNS93aHktYXJlLXBlb3BsZS1zcHJlYWRpbmctZmFsc2Vob29kcy1hYm91dC1iaXRjb2lucy13YXRlci11c2Uv0gF4aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY29pbmRlc2suY29tL2NvbnNlbnN1cy1tYWdhemluZS8yMDIzLzEyLzA1L3doeS1hcmUtcGVvcGxlLXNwcmVhZGluZy1mYWxzZWhvb2RzLWFib3V0LWJpdGNvaW5zLXdhdGVyLXVzZS9hbXAv?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 20:46:00 GMT

Bitcoin rises 5% to $44083 - Reuters
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL3RlY2hub2xvZ3kvYml0Y29pbi1yaXNlcy01LTQ0MDgzLTIwMjMtMTItMDUv0gEA?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 23:55:00 GMT

Bitcoin surges to $44,000 for the first time since April 2022 - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL3ZpZGVvLzIwMjMvMTIvMDUvYml0Y29pbi1zdXJnZXMtdG8tNDQwMDAtZm9yLXRoZS1maXJzdC10aW1lLXNpbmNlLWFwcmlsLTIwMjItY25iYy1jcnlwdG8td29ybGQuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 20:13:00 GMT

Matrixport's $45K End of Year Target for Bitcoin Looks to Be Accurate - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDgvbWF0cml4cG9ydHMtNDVrLWVuZC1vZi15ZWFyLXRhcmdldC1mb3ItYml0Y29pbi1sb29rcy10by1iZS1hY2N1cmF0ZS_SAXRodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA4L21hdHJpeHBvcnRzLTQ1ay1lbmQtb2YteWVhci10YXJnZXQtZm9yLWJpdGNvaW4tbG9va3MtdG8tYmUtYWNjdXJhdGUvYW1wLw?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 05:30:00 GMT

This Bitcoin Rally Feels Different. FOMO and YOLO Seem to Be Back - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA2L3RoaXMtYml0Y29pbi1yYWxseS1mZWVscy1kaWZmZXJlbnQtZm9tby1hbmQteW9sby1zZWVtLXRvLWJlLWJhY2sv0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY29pbmRlc2suY29tL2J1c2luZXNzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDYvdGhpcy1iaXRjb2luLXJhbGx5LWZlZWxzLWRpZmZlcmVudC1mb21vLWFuZC15b2xvLXNlZW0tdG8tYmUtYmFjay9hbXAv?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 01:03:00 GMT

10 Best Cryptocurrencies Of December 2023 – Forbes Advisor - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vYWR2aXNvci9pbnZlc3RpbmcvY3J5cHRvY3VycmVuY3kvdG9wLTEwLWNyeXB0b2N1cnJlbmNpZXMv0gEA?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 15:09:00 GMT

Bitcoin tops $44,000 for the first time since April 2022 as ETF optimism grows - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjMvMTIvMDUvYml0Y29pbi10b3BzLTQzMDAwLWZvci10aGUtZmlyc3QtdGltZS1zaW5jZS1hcHJpbC0yMDIyLWFzLWV0Zi1vcHRpbWlzbS1ncm93cy0uaHRtbNIBdmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIzLzEyLzA1L2JpdGNvaW4tdG9wcy00MzAwMC1mb3ItdGhlLWZpcnN0LXRpbWUtc2luY2UtYXByaWwtMjAyMi1hcy1ldGYtb3B0aW1pc20tZ3Jvd3MtLmh0bWw?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 18:28:57 GMT

Elon Musk misquotes Bitcoin self-custody mantra - crypto.news
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiRGh0dHBzOi8vY3J5cHRvLm5ld3MvZWxvbi1tdXNrLW1pc3F1b3Rlcy1iaXRjb2luLXNlbGYtY3VzdG9keS1tYW50cmEv0gEA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 22:45:06 GMT

Bitcoin (BTC) Price Reaches Yearly High - $50,000 Next? - BeInCrypto
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiN2h0dHBzOi8vYmVpbmNyeXB0by5jb20vYml0Y29pbi1wcmljZS15ZWFybHktaGlnaC01MDAwMC_SAQA?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 09:53:18 GMT

Bitcoin Project Babylon Raises $18M to Bolster Development of Staking Protocol - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMie2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L2JpdGNvaW4tcHJvamVjdC1iYWJ5bG9uLXJhaXNlcy0xOG0tdG8tYm9sc3Rlci1kZXZlbG9wbWVudC1vZi1zdGFraW5nLXByb3RvY29sL9IBf2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L2JpdGNvaW4tcHJvamVjdC1iYWJ5bG9uLXJhaXNlcy0xOG0tdG8tYm9sc3Rlci1kZXZlbG9wbWVudC1vZi1zdGFraW5nLXByb3RvY29sL2FtcC8?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 14:00:00 GMT

Bitcoin (BTC) Neared $45K But Cardano (ADA) Skyrocketed by 30% Daily (Weekend Watch) - CryptoPotato
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vY3J5cHRvcG90YXRvLmNvbS9iaXRjb2luLWJ0Yy1uZWFyZWQtNDVrLWJ1dC1jYXJkYW5vLWFkYS1za3lyb2NrZXRlZC1ieS0zMC1kYWlseS13ZWVrZW5kLXdhdGNoL9IBamh0dHBzOi8vY3J5cHRvcG90YXRvLmNvbS9iaXRjb2luLWJ0Yy1uZWFyZWQtNDVrLWJ1dC1jYXJkYW5vLWFkYS1za3lyb2NrZXRlZC1ieS0zMC1kYWlseS13ZWVrZW5kLXdhdGNoLz9hbXA?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 08:10:10 GMT

Bitcoin's bounceback déjà vu - Cryptocurrencies - Financial Times
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiP2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZ0LmNvbS9jb250ZW50LzEyMjI4NDNiLWZmNzEtNDUxNy05ZTE1LWQ2NDNmODkxOWNmMNIBAA?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 18:32:11 GMT

Bitcoin Blasts to $44K on Coinbase, Could Run Toward $48K Resistance: LMAX Analyst - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMigAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA1L2JpdGNvaW4tYmxhc3RzLXRvLTQ0ay1vbi1jb2luYmFzZS1hbmQtY291bGQtcnVuLXRvd2FyZHMtNDhrLXJlc2lzdGFuY2UtbG1heC1hbmFseXN0L9IBhAFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA1L2JpdGNvaW4tYmxhc3RzLXRvLTQ0ay1vbi1jb2luYmFzZS1hbmQtY291bGQtcnVuLXRvd2FyZHMtNDhrLXJlc2lzdGFuY2UtbG1heC1hbmFseXN0L2FtcC8?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 18:34:00 GMT

$1 Million Bitcoin? Companies Preparing For An Institutional Surge - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZGlnaXRhbC1hc3NldHMvMjAyMy8xMi8wOC8xLW1pbGxpb24tYml0Y29pbi1jb21wYW5pZXMtcHJlcGFyaW5nLWZvci1hbi1pbnN0aXR1dGlvbmFsLXN1cmdlL9IBfGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvZGlnaXRhbC1hc3NldHMvMjAyMy8xMi8wOC8xLW1pbGxpb24tYml0Y29pbi1jb21wYW5pZXMtcHJlcGFyaW5nLWZvci1hbi1pbnN0aXR1dGlvbmFsLXN1cmdlL2FtcC8?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 17:41:04 GMT

'I Don't Mind Bitcoin Pullback Now' Samson Mow Says, Here's Why - U.Today
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiSmh0dHBzOi8vdS50b2RheS9pLWRvbnQtbWluZC1iaXRjb2luLXB1bGxiYWNrLW5vdy1zYW1zb24tbW93LXNheXMtaGVyZXMtd2h50gFOaHR0cHM6Ly91LnRvZGF5L2ktZG9udC1taW5kLWJpdGNvaW4tcHVsbGJhY2stbm93LXNhbXNvbi1tb3ctc2F5cy1oZXJlcy13aHk_YW1w?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 10:36:57 GMT

Bitcoin Hype Will Clash With the Rolex Recession - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vb3Bpbmlvbi9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIzLTEyLTA2L2NyeXB0by1jdXJyZW5jaWVzLWJpdGNvaW4taHlwZS13aWxsLWNsYXNoLXdpdGgtdGhlLXJvbGV4LXJlY2Vzc2lvbtIBAA?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 05:00:28 GMT

Google Bard Predicts Shiba Inu Price After Bitcoin Halving - The Crypto Basic
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYWh0dHBzOi8vdGhlY3J5cHRvYmFzaWMuY29tLzIwMjMvMTIvMDkvZ29vZ2xlLWJhcmQtcHJlZGljdHMtc2hpYmEtaW51LXByaWNlLWFmdGVyLWJpdGNvaW4taGFsdmluZy_SAQA?oc=5
Sat, 09 Dec 2023 08:50:49 GMT

Fidelity pitches spot Bitcoin ETF model to SEC as regulatory talks advance - CryptoSlate
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vY3J5cHRvc2xhdGUuY29tL2ZpZGVsaXR5LXBpdGNoZXMtc3BvdC1iaXRjb2luLWV0Zi1tb2RlbC10by1zZWMtYXMtcmVndWxhdG9yeS10YWxrcy1hZHZhbmNlL9IBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 22:40:00 GMT

Bitcoin Dips as U.S. November Job Growth of 199K Tops Estimates - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDgvYml0Y29pbi1kaXBzLWFzLXVzLW5vdmVtYmVyLWpvYi1ncm93dGgtb2YtMTk5ay10b3BzLWVzdGltYXRlcy_SAW5odHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA4L2JpdGNvaW4tZGlwcy1hcy11cy1ub3ZlbWJlci1qb2ItZ3Jvd3RoLW9mLTE5OWstdG9wcy1lc3RpbWF0ZXMvYW1wLw?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 13:37:00 GMT

Bitcoin hits highest level in 18 months as investors gear up for ETF approval - CNN
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNubi5jb20vMjAyMy8xMi8wNC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYml0Y29pbi1wcmljZS1yYWxseS1zcG90LWV0Zi9pbmRleC5odG1s0gFUaHR0cHM6Ly9hbXAuY25uLmNvbS9jbm4vMjAyMy8xMi8wNC9pbnZlc3RpbmcvYml0Y29pbi1wcmljZS1yYWxseS1zcG90LWV0Zi9pbmRleC5odG1s?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 13:45:00 GMT

Cryptocurrency Basics (And Why Bitcoin is Still Around) - NerdWallet
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiO2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm5lcmR3YWxsZXQuY29tL2FydGljbGUvaW52ZXN0aW5nL2NyeXB0b2N1cnJlbmN50gEA?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 08:00:00 GMT

Why Bitcoin miners are unlikely to fight a moral battle over Ordinals - The Block - Crypto News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsb2NrLmNvL3Bvc3QvMjY2NTEyL3doeS1iaXRjb2luLW1pbmVycy1hcmUtdW5saWtlbHktdG8tZmlnaHQtYS1tb3JhbC1iYXR0bGUtb3Zlci1vcmRpbmFsc9IBbWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnRoZWJsb2NrLmNvL2FtcC9wb3N0LzI2NjUxMi93aHktYml0Y29pbi1taW5lcnMtYXJlLXVubGlrZWx5LXRvLWZpZ2h0LWEtbW9yYWwtYmF0dGxlLW92ZXItb3JkaW5hbHM?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 13:10:25 GMT

Ethereum Shorts Face $27M Blow, Bitcoin Longs See Liquidations; Blackstone, Digital Realty Announce $7B Data ... - Yahoo Finance
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiS2h0dHBzOi8vZmluYW5jZS55YWhvby5jb20vbmV3cy9ldGhlcmV1bS1zaG9ydHMtZmFjZS0yN20tYmxvdy0xNTUxMzg0NzkuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 15:51:38 GMT

Bitcoin price continues to drop, but how are pro BTC traders positioned? - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiWGh0dHBzOi8vY29pbnRlbGVncmFwaC5jb20vbmV3cy9iaXRjb2luLXByaWNlLWRyb3AtYnV0LWhvdy1hcmUtcHJvLWJ0Yy10cmFkZXJzLXBvc2l0aW9uZWTSAQA?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 20:47:20 GMT

Ether, Solana Hit 19-Month Highs as Bitcoin Rally Halts with Traders Fearing 'Bull Trap' - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiggFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vbWFya2V0cy8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L2V0aGVyLXNvbGFuYS1oaXQtMTktbW9udGgtaGlnaHMtYXMtYml0Y29pbi1yYWxseS1oYWx0cy13aXRoLXRyYWRlcnMtZmVhcmluZy1idWxsLXRyYXAv0gGGAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDcvZXRoZXItc29sYW5hLWhpdC0xOS1tb250aC1oaWdocy1hcy1iaXRjb2luLXJhbGx5LWhhbHRzLXdpdGgtdHJhZGVycy1mZWFyaW5nLWJ1bGwtdHJhcC9hbXAv?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 22:42:00 GMT

Bitcoin tops $41,000 and hits 19-month high on ETF hopes, bets on Fed cuts - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjMvMTIvMDQvYml0Y29pbi10b3BzLTQwMDAwLWZvci1maXJzdC10aW1lLWluLTIwMjMtb24tZXRmLWhvcGVzLWJldHMtb24tZmVkLWN1dHMuaHRtbNIBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tL2FtcC8yMDIzLzEyLzA0L2JpdGNvaW4tdG9wcy00MDAwMC1mb3ItZmlyc3QtdGltZS1pbi0yMDIzLW9uLWV0Zi1ob3Blcy1iZXRzLW9uLWZlZC1jdXRzLmh0bWw?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 05:33:54 GMT

Sam Altman-Backed Meanwhile Group Starts Bitcoin Private Credit Fund for Institutional Investors - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijgFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3MvMjAyMy8xMi8wNy9zYW0tYWx0bWFuLWJhY2tlZC1tZWFud2hpbGUtZ3JvdXAtc3RhcnRzLWJpdGNvaW4tcHJpdmF0ZS1jcmVkaXQtZnVuZC1mb3ItaW5zdGl0dXRpb25hbC1pbnZlc3RvcnMv0gGSAWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L3NhbS1hbHRtYW4tYmFja2VkLW1lYW53aGlsZS1ncm91cC1zdGFydHMtYml0Y29pbi1wcml2YXRlLWNyZWRpdC1mdW5kLWZvci1pbnN0aXR1dGlvbmFsLWludmVzdG9ycy9hbXAv?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 19:26:00 GMT

Bitcoin price is going up again today: How long will rally continue? - Fast Company
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiUmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZhc3Rjb21wYW55LmNvbS85MDk5MjA1Mi9iaXRjb2luLXByaWNlLXVzZC10b2RheS1yaXNpbmctcmFsbHktbmV3LWhpZ2jSAQA?oc=5
Mon, 04 Dec 2023 12:28:00 GMT

Bitcoin price at $100,000 in 2024? Crypto execs say bull run has begun - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjMvMTIvMDQvYml0Y29pbi1wcmljZS1hdC0xMDAwMDAtaW4tMjAyNC1jcnlwdG8tZXhlY3Mtc2F5LWJ1bGwtcnVuLWhhcy1iZWd1bi5odG1s0gEA?oc=5
Sun, 03 Dec 2023 23:18:12 GMT

Jamie Dimon lashes out against crypto: 'If I was the government, I'd close it down' - CNBC
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNuYmMuY29tLzIwMjMvMTIvMDYvamFtaWUtZGltb24tbGFzaGVzLW91dC1vbi1jcnlwdG8taWYtaS13YXMtdGhlLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtaWQtY2xvc2UtaXQtZG93bi5odG1s0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuY25iYy5jb20vYW1wLzIwMjMvMTIvMDYvamFtaWUtZGltb24tbGFzaGVzLW91dC1vbi1jcnlwdG8taWYtaS13YXMtdGhlLWdvdmVybm1lbnQtaWQtY2xvc2UtaXQtZG93bi5odG1s?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 17:50:25 GMT

BlackRock, Bitwise File Updated Applications for Spot Bitcoin ETF - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA1L2JsYWNrcm9jay1iaXR3aXNlLWZpbGUtdXBkYXRlZC1hcHBsaWNhdGlvbi1mb3Itc3BvdC1iaXRjb2luLWV0Zi_SAXFodHRwczovL3d3dy5jb2luZGVzay5jb20vYnVzaW5lc3MvMjAyMy8xMi8wNS9ibGFja3JvY2stYml0d2lzZS1maWxlLXVwZGF0ZWQtYXBwbGljYXRpb24tZm9yLXNwb3QtYml0Y29pbi1ldGYvYW1wLw?oc=5
Tue, 05 Dec 2023 16:55:00 GMT

JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon Tells Congress He'd "Close Down" Bitcoin And Crypto - Bitcoin Magazine
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibWh0dHBzOi8vYml0Y29pbm1hZ2F6aW5lLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzL2pwbW9yZ2FuLWNlby1qYW1pZS1kaW1vbi10ZWxscy1jb25ncmVzcy1oZWQtY2xvc2UtZG93bi1iaXRjb2luLWFuZC1jcnlwdG_SAQA?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 19:04:49 GMT

Cash App Releases Its First Ever Bitcoin Focused Magazine - Bitcoin Magazine
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiXmh0dHBzOi8vYml0Y29pbm1hZ2F6aW5lLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy9jYXNoLWFwcC1yZWxlYXNlcy1pdHMtZmlyc3QtZXZlci1iaXRjb2luLWZvY3VzZWQtbWFnYXppbmXSAQA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 17:14:01 GMT

Bitcoin options data shows whales betting big — Will $50K BTC come in January? - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiaWh0dHBzOi8vY29pbnRlbGVncmFwaC5jb20vbmV3cy9iaXRjb2luLW9wdGlvbnMtZGF0YS1zaG93cy13aGFsZXMtYmV0dGluZy1iaWctd2lsbC01MGstYnRjLWNvbWUtaW4tamFudWFyedIBAA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 07:26:46 GMT

Bitcoin Halving Is Poised to Unleash Darwinism on Miners - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA4L2JpdGNvaW4taGFsdmluZy1pcy1wb2lzZWQtdG8tdW5sZWFzaC1kYXJ3aW5pc20tb24tbWluZXJzL9IBamh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9idXNpbmVzcy8yMDIzLzEyLzA4L2JpdGNvaW4taGFsdmluZy1pcy1wb2lzZWQtdG8tdW5sZWFzaC1kYXJ3aW5pc20tb24tbWluZXJzL2FtcC8?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 12:00:00 GMT

Jack Dorsey's Block Furthers Bitcoin Foray With New Hardware Wallet - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMieWh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIzLTEyLTA3L2phY2stZG9yc2V5LXMtYmxvY2stc3EtZnVydGhlcnMtYml0Y29pbi1mb3JheS13aXRoLW5ldy1oYXJkd2FyZS13YWxsZXTSAQA?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 15:02:28 GMT

Swiss City of Lugano to Accept Taxes, Fines in Bitcoin (BTC), Tether (USDt) - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMib2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIzLTEyLTA2L3RheHBheWVycy1pbi1zd2lzcy1jaXR5LWNhbi1zZXR0bGUtYmlsbHMtd2l0aC1iaXRjb2luLXRldGhlctIBAA?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 13:36:41 GMT

Bitcoin Has Been Surging. Interest in Bitcoin Is Not - Bloomberg
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiZmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmJsb29tYmVyZy5jb20vbmV3cy9hcnRpY2xlcy8yMDIzLTEyLTA2L2JpdGNvaW4taGFzLWJlZW4tc3VyZ2luZy1pbnRlcmVzdC1pbi1iaXRjb2luLWlzLW5vdNIBAA?oc=5
Wed, 06 Dec 2023 17:45:51 GMT

A Bitcoin Vision: Ras Al-Khaimah Ruler’s Crypto Majlis Sets The Tone - Forbes
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMid2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZvcmJlcy5jb20vc2l0ZXMvaXJpbmFoZWF2ZXIvMjAyMy8xMi8wNy9hLWJpdGNvaW4tdmlzaW9uLXJhcy1hbC1raGFpbWFoLXJ1bGVycy1jcnlwdG8tbWFqbGlzLXNldHMtdGhlLXRvbmUv0gF7aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm9yYmVzLmNvbS9zaXRlcy9pcmluYWhlYXZlci8yMDIzLzEyLzA3L2EtYml0Y29pbi12aXNpb24tcmFzLWFsLWtoYWltYWgtcnVsZXJzLWNyeXB0by1tYWpsaXMtc2V0cy10aGUtdG9uZS9hbXAv?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 15:19:02 GMT

Bitcoin, Ether Options' Value on Deribit Reaches Record High of $23B - CoinDesk
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDgvYml0Y29pbi1ldGhlci1vcHRpb25zLXZhbHVlLW9uLWRlcmliaXQtcmVhY2gtcmVjb3JkLWhpZ2gtb2YtMjNiL9IBcGh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmNvaW5kZXNrLmNvbS9tYXJrZXRzLzIwMjMvMTIvMDgvYml0Y29pbi1ldGhlci1vcHRpb25zLXZhbHVlLW9uLWRlcmliaXQtcmVhY2gtcmVjb3JkLWhpZ2gtb2YtMjNiL2FtcC8?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 07:19:00 GMT

Bitcoin will run over the next 18 to 24 months: Anthony Pompliano - Fox Business
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiL2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveGJ1c2luZXNzLmNvbS92aWRlby82MzQyNjA2NjM2MTEy0gEA?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 20:58:55 GMT

Jack Dorsey's Block Inc. launches self-custody Bitcoin wallet - Cointelegraph
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiVWh0dHBzOi8vY29pbnRlbGVncmFwaC5jb20vbmV3cy9qYWNrLWRvcnNleS1ibG9jay1sYXVuY2hlcy1zZWxmLWN1c3RvZHktYml0Y29pbi13YWxsZXTSAQA?oc=5
Thu, 07 Dec 2023 17:15:00 GMT

Recession won't keep bitcoin from reaching new highs in 2024, VanEck predicts in yearly crypto forecast - The Block - Crypto News
https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiiQFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVibG9jay5jby9wb3N0LzI2Njc1OC9yZWNlc3Npb24td29udC1rZWVwLWJpdGNvaW4tZnJvbS1yZWFjaGluZy1uZXctaGlnaHMtaW4tMjAyNC12YW5lY2stcHJlZGljdHMtaW4teWVhcmx5LWNyeXB0by1mb3JlY2FzdNIBjQFodHRwczovL3d3dy50aGVibG9jay5jby9hbXAvcG9zdC8yNjY3NTgvcmVjZXNzaW9uLXdvbnQta2VlcC1iaXRjb2luLWZyb20tcmVhY2hpbmctbmV3LWhpZ2hzLWluLTIwMjQtdmFuZWNrLXByZWRpY3RzLWluLXllYXJseS1jcnlwdG8tZm9yZWNhc3Q?oc=5
Fri, 08 Dec 2023 16:12:17 GMT

